README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Chanisse
Aspiring  Quantum software engineer/ Research Scientist

Welcome to my portfolio!  
Here I share my projects, presentations, and learning journey.

---

## 📊 Slide Deck
[View my presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BRX07kK6OU7nfxMuMI28txgJ8z2nQJUpkrRH0xaA0lo/edit?usp=sharing)  


---

## 🎥 Presentation Video
[![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/SgQMSMvH6WA/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgQMSMvH6WA)

This project was all about addressing the problem of students in Rwanda who don't get to go to school due to the lack of employment that affects their mothers and makes them unable to provide school fees. We came up with an idea to build an app to provide the mothers with a platform where they can acquire relevant digital and financial literacy skills to give them an opportunity to land good jobs. This app also enables them to access loans when in need and also has an option to post products for selling for those who have the talent to make valuable home-made products but nowhere to show for it. We envisioned that this idea- if put into action- would have a great impact on not only the economy of Rwanda but would also improve the work force of the whole country.

---

## The google cloud project slide deck
[View my project](https://gamma.app/docs/Empowering-Rwandan-Businesses-Smart-Inventory-Management-8b0b4q7dr1ij5fg?mode=doc)  


---

## The google cloud project demo
[View our demo]( https://rugira-gyslain.web.app/)  
email: rgyslain@kent.edu , password: pass123

This project was developed in a google cloud hackathon where my group and I decided to address the fintech industry by solving the 'Inventory management problem' most businesses face using cloud technology.

---





## 🧩 About Me
Aspiring software engineer passionate about problem-solving, innovation, and building technology that matters.


---
## 📬 Contact Me

<a href="mailto:cyuzuzochanisse@gmail.com" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />
</a>

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/cyuzuzo-chanisse-ndarasi-a3152b378/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/cyuzuzochanisse-cyber/Chanisse-Portfolio" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" />
</a>

Commit message:

Enhance project description in README.md
Expanded on the project's impact on stock management and business finances.

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Chanisse
Aspiring  Quantum software engineer/ Research Scientist

Welcome to my portfolio!  
Here I share my projects, presentations, and learning journey.

---

## 📊 Slide Deck
[View my presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BRX07kK6OU7nfxMuMI28txgJ8z2nQJUpkrRH0xaA0lo/edit?usp=sharing)  


---

## 🎥 Presentation Video
[![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/SgQMSMvH6WA/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgQMSMvH6WA)

This project was all about addressing the problem of students in Rwanda who don't get to go to school due to the lack of employment that affects their mothers and makes them unable to provide school fees. We came up with an idea to build an app to provide the mothers with a platform where they can acquire relevant digital and financial literacy skills to give them an opportunity to land good jobs. This app also enables them to access loans when in need and also has an option to post products for selling for those who have the talent to make valuable home-made products but nowhere to show for it. We envisioned that this idea- if put into action- would have a great impact on not only the economy of Rwanda but would also improve the work force of the whole country.

---

## The google cloud project slide deck
[View my project](https://gamma.app/docs/Empowering-Rwandan-Businesses-Smart-Inventory-Management-8b0b4q7dr1ij5fg?mode=doc)  


---

## The google cloud project demo
[View our demo]( https://rugira-gyslain.web.app/)  
email: rgyslain@kent.edu , password: pass123

This project was developed in a google cloud hackathon where my group and I decided to address the fintech industry by solving the 'Inventory management problem' most businesses face using cloud technology. If implemented, this would lead to a new era of efficient stock mangement and significantly boost the business financially.

---





## 🧩 About Me
Aspiring software engineer passionate about problem-solving, innovation, and building technology that matters.


---
## 📬 Contact Me

<a href="mailto:cyuzuzochanisse@gmail.com" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />
</a>

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/cyuzuzo-chanisse-ndarasi-a3152b378/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/cyuzuzochanisse-cyber/Chanisse-Portfolio" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" />
</a>
